MkDocs/toplevel/docs/about.md, before:

# Contribute
You can contribute by providing feedback or content for the labs. 

1.  Submit issues or enhancements that you would like to see to these labs.
2.  Contribute Content by becoming an author contributor of the labs.


## Submit issues or enhancements
You can submit any feedback, questions or issues on the labs.  We will address them in the issue or with improvements to
future versions of the lab. Submit issues you encounter with the lab at [https://github.com/IBM/monitor-hands-on-lab/issues](https://github.com/IBM/monitor-hands-on-lab/issues).  Provide a description of the problem.  Steps to reproduce the problem.  What you expected should be there or happen in the lab.

For bugs please include steps to reproduce your issue.  For enhancements please include why you need the improvement and suggestions for how we can improve a lab.

## Contribute Content

If you want to write new labs or improve the existing labs, then find the instructions to do so here:<br>
[Contributing to Labs](../../contribute)

---

# Contributors accross the IBM Maximo Labs

- Carlos Ferreira - <carlos.ferreira1@ibm.com>

- Paulina Thomas - <Paulina.Thomas@ibm.com>

- Cecilia Duffus - <cecilia.d@ibm.com>

- Nirel Cortes - <nirel.cortes@ibm.com>

- Eric Lowry - <elowry@us.ibm.com>

- Graeme Pexton - <jgpexton@us.ibm.com>

- Jan Ekstrøm - <jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com>

---

# Change Information

|Date     |By             | Description                                           |
|:--------|:--------------|:------------------------------------------------------|
|2021-01-04|Jan Ekstrøm|Merged contributors into one About page and added change information as well. Added Last Update at the end of the Index file. Implemented that on all sub-sites.|
| 2020-12-30 | Jan Ekstrøm | Migrated original site to toplevel and created the new structure for the IBM Maximo Labs |

---

Commit message:

Migrate mvi-hol to mvi_saas
Migrated to the Maximo Visual Inspection (1.3.0) lab in the new IBM Maximo Labs structure under the SaaS section.

MkDocs/toplevel/docs/about.md, after:

# Contribute
You can contribute by providing feedback or content for the labs. 

1.  Submit issues or enhancements that you would like to see to these labs.
2.  Contribute Content by becoming an author contributor of the labs.


## Submit issues or enhancements
You can submit any feedback, questions or issues on the labs.  We will address them in the issue or with improvements to
future versions of the lab. Submit issues you encounter with the lab at [https://github.com/IBM/monitor-hands-on-lab/issues](https://github.com/IBM/monitor-hands-on-lab/issues).  Provide a description of the problem.  Steps to reproduce the problem.  What you expected should be there or happen in the lab.

For bugs please include steps to reproduce your issue.  For enhancements please include why you need the improvement and suggestions for how we can improve a lab.

## Contribute Content

If you want to write new labs or improve the existing labs, then find the instructions to do so here:<br>
[Contributing to Labs](../../contribute)

---

# Contributors accross the IBM Maximo Labs

- Carlos Ferreira - <carlos.ferreira1@ibm.com>

- Paulina Thomas - <Paulina.Thomas@ibm.com>

- Cecilia Duffus - <cecilia.d@ibm.com>

- Nirel Cortes - <nirel.cortes@ibm.com>

- Eric Lowry - <elowry@us.ibm.com>

- Graeme Pexton - <jgpexton@us.ibm.com>

- Jan Ekstrøm - <jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com>

---

# Change Information

|Date     |By             | Description                                           |
|:--------|:--------------|:------------------------------------------------------|
|2021-01-05|Jan Ekstrøm|Added IBM Maximo Visual Inspection (1.3.0) to the list of Ready to use labs in the SaaS section.|
|2021-01-04|Jan Ekstrøm|Merged contributors into one About page and added change information as well. Added Last Update at the end of the Index file. Implemented that on all sub-sites.|
| 2020-12-30 | Jan Ekstrøm | Migrated original site to toplevel and created the new structure for the IBM Maximo Labs |

---
