MkDocs/edc_8.11/docs/about.md, before:


# Contributors to the</br>Maximo Monitor Integration With Omnio Edge Lab

- Jan Ekstrøm - <jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com>

---

© 2023 International Business Machines Corporation. No part of this lab document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form without written permission from IBM.

U.S. Government Users Restricted Rights — use, duplication or disclosure restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract with IBM.

This document is current as of the initial date of publication and may be changed by IBM at any time. Not all offerings are available in every country in which IBM operates.
Information in these presentations (including information relating to products that have not yet been announced by IBM) has been reviewed for accuracy as of the date of initial publication and could include unintentional technical or typographical errors. IBM shall have no responsibility to update this information. 

This document is distributed “as is” without any warranty, either express or implied. In no event, shall IBM be liable for any damage arising from the use of this information, including but not limited to, loss of data, business interruption, loss of profit or loss of opportunity. IBM products and services are warranted per the terms and conditions of the agreements under which they are provided. The performance data and client examples cited are presented for illustrative purposes only. Actual performance results may vary depending on specific configurations and operating conditions.

IBM products are manufactured from new parts or new and used parts. In some cases, a product may not be new and may have been previously installed. Regardless, our warranty terms apply.”

Any statements regarding IBM's future direction, intent or product plans are subject to change or withdrawal without notice.

Performance data contained herein was generally obtained in a controlled, isolated environments. Customer examples are presented as illustrations of how those customers have used IBM products and the results they may have achieved. Actual performance, cost, savings or other results in other operating environments may vary. 

References in this document to IBM products, programs, or services does not imply that IBM intends to make such products, programs or services available in all countries in which IBM operates or does business. 

Workshops, sessions and associated materials may have been prepared by independent session speakers, and do not necessarily reflect the views of IBM. All materials and discussions are provided for informational purposes only, and are neither intended to, nor shall constitute legal or other guidance or advice to any individual participant or their specific situation.

It is the customer’s responsibility to ensure its own compliance with legal requirements and to obtain advice of competent legal counsel as to the identification and interpretation of any relevant laws and regulatory requirements that may affect the customer’s business and any actions the customer may need to take to comply with such laws. IBM does not provide legal advice or represent or warrant that its services or products will ensure that the customer follows any law.


# Change Information

|Date     |By             | Description                                           |
|:--------|:--------------|:------------------------------------------------------|
|2022-10-18|Jan Ekstrøm|Lab has been updated with smaller findings from reviews. |
|2022-09-15|Jan Ekstrøm|Lab is ready for dry run. |
|2022-09-12|Jan Ekstrøm|Initialization of the lab structure. |

---

Commit message:

created new exercise structure
Signed-off-by: Jan Ekstrøm <jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com>

MkDocs/edc_8.11/docs/about.md, after:


# Contributors to the</br>Maximo Monitor Edge Data Collector Lab

- Jan Ekstrøm - <jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com>

---

# Change Information

|Date     |By             | Description                                           |
|:--------|:--------------|:------------------------------------------------------|
|2023-09-23|Jan Ekstrøm|Lab is ready for the first release. |
|2023-09-16|Jan Ekstrøm|Replicated the Omnio Edge lab to this Edge Data Collector lab. |


---

# Copyright Information

© 2023 International Business Machines Corporation. No part of this lab document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form without written permission from IBM.

U.S. Government Users Restricted Rights — use, duplication or disclosure restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract with IBM.

This document is current as of the initial date of publication and may be changed by IBM at any time. Not all offerings are available in every country in which IBM operates.
Information in these presentations (including information relating to products that have not yet been announced by IBM) has been reviewed for accuracy as of the date of initial publication and could include unintentional technical or typographical errors. IBM shall have no responsibility to update this information. 

This document is distributed “as is” without any warranty, either express or implied. In no event, shall IBM be liable for any damage arising from the use of this information, including but not limited to, loss of data, business interruption, loss of profit or loss of opportunity. IBM products and services are warranted per the terms and conditions of the agreements under which they are provided. The performance data and client examples cited are presented for illustrative purposes only. Actual performance results may vary depending on specific configurations and operating conditions.

IBM products are manufactured from new parts or new and used parts. In some cases, a product may not be new and may have been previously installed. Regardless, our warranty terms apply.”

Any statements regarding IBM's future direction, intent or product plans are subject to change or withdrawal without notice.

Performance data contained herein was generally obtained in a controlled, isolated environments. Customer examples are presented as illustrations of how those customers have used IBM products and the results they may have achieved. Actual performance, cost, savings or other results in other operating environments may vary. 

References in this document to IBM products, programs, or services does not imply that IBM intends to make such products, programs or services available in all countries in which IBM operates or does business. 

Workshops, sessions and associated materials may have been prepared by independent session speakers, and do not necessarily reflect the views of IBM. All materials and discussions are provided for informational purposes only, and are neither intended to, nor shall constitute legal or other guidance or advice to any individual participant or their specific situation.

It is the customer’s responsibility to ensure its own compliance with legal requirements and to obtain advice of competent legal counsel as to the identification and interpretation of any relevant laws and regulatory requirements that may affect the customer’s business and any actions the customer may need to take to comply with such laws. IBM does not provide legal advice or represent or warrant that its services or products will ensure that the customer follows any law.

---
