MkDocs/edc_8.11/docs/prereqs.md, before:

# Pre-Requisite Instructions

Here are the pre-requisites for the Omnio Edge integration with Maximo Monitor exercises.  
*These exercises are designed for MAS Monitor and not the Maximo Asset Monitor SaaS edition.*

!!! attention
    This lab requires Maximo Monitor 8.8.1 or later.</br>
    MAS application entitlement must be `Limited` or higher.

# All Exercises

All Exercises require that you have:

1.  A computer with a Chrome or Firefox browser and internet connectivity.

2.  User access to a Maximo Application Suite environment.<br>
Your Exercise facilitator should have provided you with the information on your access.

3.  An IBM ID.  If you don't have an IBM ID you can get one [here](https://www.ibm.com/account/reg/signup?):<br>
o Click `Login to MY IBM` button<br>
o Click `Create an IBM ID` link

4.  Test your access to the Maximo Application Suite environment.

# Exercise 1

For exercise 1 make sure you have access to a Windows machine with a static IP Address.</br>
This lab uses a Windows Server 2019 on IBM Cloud classic infrastructure.</br>
Make sure the firewall is accepting incoming traffic on port 502.

# Exercise 3

Access to the Omnio Configurator is needed to create the configuration that will run on the Omnio Edge gateway. Your Exercise facilitator should have provided you with the information on your access.

For IBM'ers contact Jan Ekstrøm (jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com) for access to an IBM account on the Omnio Configurator.

Business Partners should contact their Partner Technical Support team for access to an IBM account on the Omnio Configurator.

# Exercise 4

Docker must be running on your local machine while acting as the Omnio Edge gateway.</br>
It can be installed from the [Docker website](https://www.docker.com/){target=_blank}.

Commit message:

created new exercise structure
Signed-off-by: Jan Ekstrøm <jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com>

MkDocs/edc_8.11/docs/prereqs.md, after:

# Pre-Requisite Instructions

Here are the pre-requisites for the Maximo Monitor Edge Data Collector exercises.  

!!! attention
    This lab requires Maximo Monitor 8.11 or later.</br>
    MAS application entitlement must be `Limited` or higher.

# All Exercises

All Exercises require that you have:

1.  A computer with a Chrome or Firefox browser and internet connectivity.

2.  User access to a Maximo Application Suite environment that can create privileged gateways in the IoT tool. This require:</br>
o Your user must have access to Monitor and the IoT Tool</br>
o Your user must have administrator access to Maximo Application Suite.</br>
Your Exercise facilitator should have provided you with the information on your access.

3.  An IBM ID.  If you don't have an IBM ID you can get one [here](https://www.ibm.com/account/reg/signup?):<br>
o Click `Login to MY IBM` button<br>
o Click `Create an IBM ID` link

4.  Test your access to the Maximo Application Suite environment.

# Exercise 1

For exercise 1 make sure you have access to a Windows machine with a static IP Address.</br>
This lab uses a Windows Server 2019 on IBM Cloud classic infrastructure.</br>
Make sure the firewall is accepting incoming traffic on port 502.

# Exercise 4

Docker must be running on your local machine while acting as the Edge Data Collector gateway.</br>
It can be installed from the [Docker website](https://www.docker.com/){target=_blank}.
