MkDocs/omnio_8.8/docs/prereqs.md, before:

# Pre-Requisite Instructions

Here are the pre-requisites for the Omnio Edge integration with Maximo Monitor exercises.  
*These exercises are designed for MAS Monitor and not the Maximo Asset Monitor SaaS edition.*

!!! attention
    This lab requires Maximo Monitor 8.8.1 or later.

# All Exercises

All Exercises require that you have:

1.  A computer with a Chrome or Firefox browser and internet connectivity.

2.  User access to a Maximo Application Suite environment.<br>
Your Exercise facilitator should have provided you with the information on your access.

3.  An IBM ID.  If you don't have an IBM ID you can get one [here](https://www.ibm.com/account/reg/signup?):<br>
o Click `Login to MY IBM` button<br>
o Click `Create an IBM ID` link

4.  Test your access to the Maximo Application Suite environment.

# Exercise 1

For exercise 1 make sure you have access to a Windows machine with a static IP Address.</br>
I have deployed a Windows Server 2019 on IBM Cloud classic infrastructure while building this lab.
Make sure the firewall is accepting incoming traffic on port 502.

# Exercise 3

Access to the Omnio Configurator is needed to create the configuration that will run on the Omnio Edge gateway. Your Exercise facilitator should have provided you with the information on your access.

For IBM'ers contact Jan Ekstrøm (jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com) for access to an IBM account on the Omnio Configurator.

Commit message:

Limited application entitlement required
Signed-off-by: Jan Ekstrøm <jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com>

MkDocs/omnio_8.8/docs/prereqs.md, after:

# Pre-Requisite Instructions

Here are the pre-requisites for the Omnio Edge integration with Maximo Monitor exercises.  
*These exercises are designed for MAS Monitor and not the Maximo Asset Monitor SaaS edition.*

!!! attention
    This lab requires Maximo Monitor 8.8.1 or later.</br>
    MAS application entitlement must be `Limited` or higher.

# All Exercises

All Exercises require that you have:

1.  A computer with a Chrome or Firefox browser and internet connectivity.

2.  User access to a Maximo Application Suite environment.<br>
Your Exercise facilitator should have provided you with the information on your access.

3.  An IBM ID.  If you don't have an IBM ID you can get one [here](https://www.ibm.com/account/reg/signup?):<br>
o Click `Login to MY IBM` button<br>
o Click `Create an IBM ID` link

4.  Test your access to the Maximo Application Suite environment.

# Exercise 1

For exercise 1 make sure you have access to a Windows machine with a static IP Address.</br>
I have deployed a Windows Server 2019 on IBM Cloud classic infrastructure while building this lab.
Make sure the firewall is accepting incoming traffic on port 502.

# Exercise 3

Access to the Omnio Configurator is needed to create the configuration that will run on the Omnio Edge gateway. Your Exercise facilitator should have provided you with the information on your access.

For IBM'ers contact Jan Ekstrøm (jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com) for access to an IBM account on the Omnio Configurator.
