MkDocs/monitor_saas/docs/about.md, before:

# Contributors to the IBM Maximo Asset Monitor Labs

- Carlos Ferreira - <carlos.ferreira1@ibm.com>

- Paulina Thomas - <Paulina.Thomas@ibm.com>

- Nirel Cortes - <nirel.cortes@ibm.com>

- Eric Lowry - <elowry@us.ibm.com>

- Graeme Pexton - <jgpexton@us.ibm.com>

- Jan Ekstrøm - <jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com>

---

# Change Information

|Date     |By             | Description                                           |
|:--------|:--------------|:------------------------------------------------------|
|2021-01-04|Jan Ekstrøm|Merged contributors into one about section and added change information as well. Added Last Update at the end of the Index file. |
| 2020-12-30 | Jan Ekstrøm | Migrated original site to toplevel and created the new structure for the IBM Maximo Labs |
|2020-12-07|Jan Ekstrøm|Updated Monitor Asset Devices with new screen shots and content.|
|2020-11-27|Jan Ekstrøm|Updated Index, Pre-reqs and Connect Devices with new screen shots and content.|
|2020-10-29|Carlos Ferreira|Fixed references to labs.|
|2020-10-22|Carlos Ferreira|Moved content for Monitor into its own doc folder.|
|2020-??-??|Carlos Ferreira|Created this MkDocs site to hold the Monitor Hands-on Labs based on Word documents. This process was supported by the help from the contributers mentioned above.|

---

Commit message:

Added the missing JSON files
Two JSON files where missing in the Monitor Anomalies exercise for both monitor_ssas and monitor_8.2.

MkDocs/monitor_saas/docs/about.md, after:

# Contributors to the IBM Maximo Asset Monitor Labs

- Carlos Ferreira - <carlos.ferreira1@ibm.com>

- Paulina Thomas - <Paulina.Thomas@ibm.com>

- Nirel Cortes - <nirel.cortes@ibm.com>

- Eric Lowry - <elowry@us.ibm.com>

- Graeme Pexton - <jgpexton@us.ibm.com>

- Jan Ekstrøm - <jan.ekstrom@dk.ibm.com>

---

# Change Information

|Date     |By             | Description                                           |
|:--------|:--------------|:------------------------------------------------------|
|2021-01-05|Jan Ekstrøm|Added the missing JSON files for Monitor Anomalies. |
|2021-01-04|Jan Ekstrøm|Merged contributors into one about section and added change information as well. Added Last Update at the end of the Index file. |
| 2020-12-30 | Jan Ekstrøm | Migrated original site to toplevel and created the new structure for the IBM Maximo Labs |
|2020-12-07|Jan Ekstrøm|Updated Monitor Asset Devices with new screen shots and content.|
|2020-11-27|Jan Ekstrøm|Updated Index, Pre-reqs and Connect Devices with new screen shots and content.|
|2020-10-29|Carlos Ferreira|Fixed references to labs.|
|2020-10-22|Carlos Ferreira|Moved content for Monitor into its own doc folder.|
|2020-??-??|Carlos Ferreira|Created this MkDocs site to hold the Monitor Hands-on Labs based on Word documents. This process was supported by the help from the contributers mentioned above.|

---
